Again, Shanti Deva's teaching, his own words' teaching, said, "Until now, for a long time, from the
beginning of times, we are always thinking of our own self. All the time, always thinking of our
self. But today, we reverse that. Today, not just only thinking of our self, but we are going to
think of all the beings, their well-being, their situation, circumstance, thinking of how to make
them happy."
How they make happy, or peace, and joy. How they will perform the suffering, the difficult troubles
, as I wanted. So, we are thinking of others. Therefore, this wondrous attitude didn't really shine
in the egos, in the territories. Today, we are shining, letting that sunshine come in the territory
of the ego. It's one of the very beautiful moments, beautiful things. How wonderful things I did.
How beautiful I did. I met meaning for my situation. I'm going to now follow all those great
Masters who make peace, happiness, joy, to all living beings. I'm following the Buddhas, I'm
following the Manjushri, I'm following the materials, I'm following the Arya Avalokiteshara, and
all those great bodies are those Masters, the lineage. Master, everyone, I'm going to really follow
. They're similar.
I've been in that part of their medulla, in that group. How wonderful. I'm going to make this. Also
, my nature is like that. My nature is love. My nature is compassion. My nature is intelligence. But
, however, the ego-cling spoiled so many lifetimes.
Today, I rest and I wake up this beautiful nature. And how beautiful. I'm never going to dilute
this letter, fall again in that ditch of the darkness state. I'm continuing to keep the sunshine of
my inborn body to the light. Sunshine in my total environment. How wonderful that.
So, that is what is known as the meditating of the joy of ourself. And, feel that, as I said those
things, and I'm going to join again teachings of the Shambhidevas. Exactly the meaning there. So,
we're all meditating in the joy of what our deeds and what we are now.